c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketsystem.Model.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketsystem.Model.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
C:\Users\Dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem.Client\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe.config
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.exe
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Data.dll
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketsystem.Model.dll
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\BusTicketsystem.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
C:\Users\Dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BusTicketSystem\BusTicketSystem.Client\obj\Debug\BusTicketSystem.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
